see what you mean what's up what time is
it what time is it
this is exactly 6 is 8 it's 6 o'clock
and we're gonna go hide right now let's
fucking do it I just fucking here we go
one step watch out watch out with the
PowerPoint of you what what what dude oh
yeah now we're gonna talk descent I
didn't know what that means kept coming
trip over rock break your awkward face
hello the moment of truth calling if
there's gonna be a dolphin somewhere if
slow down bro is not a race for a team
so nice last time we came this
environment what looks pretty dramatic
are you retarded
what did you do
last time when we came here it will salt
water yeah like you're this wowzers do
it Galvin okay on where is it is it not
stable it's just not ready to go keV
it's like four feet off the ground
kinda sure than my little brother and
he's four months old
give not that fresh there's people
coming so you're gonna like a total
idiot
you got it yelling okay be a cat man be
a panther you own the forest - oh is it
really moving so it's a wife there you
go give if you want to find out the
easier way do this you sure about that
Wow
we made it as a lady with a large stick
and I'm magnets on butter transvestite
which is so awkward if I were just
standing in the middle of the water and
just getting pictures taking him you
know we're looking at me alright we just
took around the mass route this is
really steep and this is not the way
you're supposed to go and if you get
lost then I don't know how I'm gonna put
this up on YouTube I guess I'll just
watching myself and give it a thumbs up
subscribe to myself right oh yeah the
fucking really oh how the fuck is he huh
how did he hold a boner and come up
after a long fucking day my sporting
right look at it oh my god I'm going to
be making a well to that with my mouth
pretty dull